= FastJs

Web framework for Node.js.

== Getting Started

  $ kiwi install haml
  $ kiwi install fastjs
  $ fastjs init helloworld
  $ cd helloworld
  $ ./fastjs
  
== Dependencies
  
  node.js
  haml-js

== Directory Structure

The directory structure is similar to rails:

* app/(config/modules/views/)
* lib
* test

== Routes

The routes are configured in app/config/routes.js

  exports.configure = function(router) {
    router.route('^/$', 'main', 'index');
  };
  
== Settings

Various settings can be configured in app/config/settings.js

  exports.configure = function(settings) {
    settings['server.listenPort'] = 5000;
    settings['server.listenAddress'] = '0.0.0.0';
  };
  
== Module
  
  var log = require('fastjs/logger').getLogger('Main');

  exports.index = function() {
    log.info("This is my index method, rendering a HAML template.");
    this.render_haml('index', {msg: 'Hello, World!'});
  };

== Return a view in a controller
  
  Views are searched in app/views/{module}/{action}

  this.render_haml('index', {msg: 'Hello, World!'});
  
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Chris Moos. See LICENSE for details.
